Chapter 1 Magic has always existed in every part of our planet.
No one knows when and how people acquired it. There are many
legends and stories about it, but its hard to tell if any of them
contain some truth. The best known is the story of God of Magic,
who came to our planet many years ago and gave every human being
control over one of the four main elements: fire, water, air, or
earth. The magic ability was supposed to help people and make
their lives easier, or at least that was what God of Magic
wanted. People were very grateful for Gods generous gift and
agreed to follow the only rule he gave them. And that was the
rule that elements shouldnt mix. Ever. Ah, how I wish it had
stayed like that, but no. People had to be people and ignore the
rule. A few hundred years ago, people were still worshipping God
of Magic, and they were carefully choosing the person to start a
family with. But the world began to change; people discovered
science and some stopped believing in God of Magic, claiming that
all the stories they were told had been invented. According to
them, magic is just in our nature, a part of our genetic
code. But science wasnt the only reason people stopped following
the rule. The difference between the rich and poor was growing,
and people had trouble finding the right partner, because the
social status became as important as an element when it came to
choosing a person to spend the rest of your life with. As a
result, only a few people could have gotten married, and that
made the rest of the population really unhappy. No matter what
their reasons were, people started having families with those who
had different elements. But they didnt expect there would be
horrible consequences. The children whose parents had a different
element inherited only one of the elements, but much weaker than
element inherited only one of the elements, but much weaker than
the original one. By further mixing the already weakened
elements, children who didnt have any kind of an element were
born. Not having an element isnt exactly the worst thing in the
world; the worst is the disease that was created in the process.
Apparently, some kind of a genetic mistake occurred in a few
cases, and because of it, people who didnt have an element wanted
to have one really badly, which turned them into cold-blooded
murderers. Today known as magic disease carriers, they have the
urge to kill someone with an element to get it for themselves. Of
course, once they start killing and feel the joy of an element in
them, they cant stop. And because an element cant stay in their
system for long, they have to kill again. When the first cases
of magic disease appeared, they caused panic all over the world.
But that was nothing compared to what happened when it was
discovered that magic disease is contagious. People were so
afraid of getting the disease that they decided that anyone who
showed the symptoms should be killed. At that time, many people
were killed simply because someone had accused them of having the
disease. There almost wasnt any way to prove you didnt have the
disease, except to show your own magic ability, which was a
problem for those with a weak or nonexistent element. Luckily,
those days are behind us, and there are special laws and police
today to take care of the magic disease carriers problem. But
thirteen years ago, even special police couldnt do much to avoid
a big incident when it was discovered that one of the richest and
most influential families actually had the disease. Mr. Liandre,
like every great businessman, managed to hide all the murders he
and his wife had committed over the years. Maybe they would have
and his wife had committed over the years. Maybe they would have
never been discovered if he hadnt made a mistake and killed a
member of another famous family. Even though the special police
was sent to take care of that matter, people were too outraged to
let it go and went to burn down Mr. Liandres house. I dont
remember much of it, though, but it must have been horrible.
Today, no one really wants to remember or mention that incident,
and its better like that. There are still many questions left
about magic disease, and scientists are trying to find a cure or
simply find out more about the disease. Just a few years ago, it
was discovered that the disease could actually be transmitted
only by sexual contact. It couldnt even be transmitted by blood,
which puzzled the scientists a lot. Well, I guess magic disease
simply doesnt have any logic. My best friend Paula is determined
to change things. She has always wanted to become a scientist and
discover a cure for magic disease. For that reason, she decided
to take Biology and Genetics at the University of Magic. Yeah,
its the same university Im going to, just I didnt choose anything
as complicated as that, so with obligatory Magic Studies, I
picked History and Geography. Ive always loved history and
tradition. Actually, my family is in one third of the population
that still has a pure element. I wouldnt have gotten into the
University of Magic if it werent so. The university only accepts
the best, and Im proud that Paula and I are among them. I
developed my familys element, fire, when I was sixteen. Yeah, it
was a bit later than usual, but I had never really been afraid I
wouldnt develop it. Paula got her element, air, like three years
before me, even though she is six months younger, but she was
being nice about it and didnt show off with it in front of
being nice about it and didnt show off with it in front of
me. Of course, we dont really know much about using our elements
because that is what the university is for. I really hope to
learn more than just setting something on fire. Like Ive said
before, I strongly believe in keeping elements pure and enjoying
in them... Ms. Milanez? I heard my professors voice and
realized he must have asked me something, and I hadnt responded.
Great, I was always so lost in my thoughts. Um, yes? It was my
first week at the university and the professor already knew my
name. But that wasnt strange since he probably knew my father or
had heard of my family. My father was more than generous when it
came to giving donations to the university. Answer the question,
miss, he said. Yeah, I would totally answer it if I knew what it
was about. Too bad Magic Studies consisted of a theoretical and
practical part, and we were stuck with theory. Would they ever
let us do something with the damn magic? I dont know, I
said. The question or the answer? The professor raised his
eyebrows at me expectantly, and the whole class was watching me
in silence. Oh, just perfect. The answer. I thought it was
better to say I didnt know the answer than admit I hadnt been
paying attention. You dont know what happens to a person with
the magic ability when one gets magic disease? He glared at me
incredulously. Oh, crap. Of course I knew. Everyone knew that
one. Sorry, I forgot, I lied and flashed him a smile, hoping hed
let it go. Well, Ms. Milanez, it can be a serious problem if you
truly dont know, he said. Some students started giggling, and I
frowned. What the hell? Why was he making such a big deal out of
it? But I still couldnt just let it go. Are you implying that Im
lying? I asked. Of course not. The corners of his mouth turned