PROLOGUE SYDNEY AUSTRALIA 2012 Operator: Police helpline, what
is your emergency? Caller: Eh, a woman, like, shes screaming her
head off. Can you send the police? Please? Operator: What seems
to be the problem? Caller: She saysshe says that someone stole
her car and stuff... Operator: State and town please? Caller: Eh,
SydneySt Ives Operator: Yeah, where about in St Ives? Caller:
Warrimoo Avenue, outside the eh, shops and stuff. Operator: Would
that becorner Dalton road and Warrimoo? Caller: Eh, let me
see...yeah, thats it. Operator: Is anybody hurt? Caller: No. Just
the baby. Operator: Baby? Did you say a baby was hurt? Caller:
No, no, she was in the car. The baby. Sorry, Im just fifteen
so Operator: She was in theare you saying that the car was stolen
with a baby in it? Caller: Yeah. Can you hear her? The mother?
Shes screaming her head off like a ban Operator: Yes, I can.
Whats she saying? Caller: Shes sayinghold oneh, she says she
knows that its her ex, like, hes behind it, and shes screaming
and running up and down the street, going mental. Operator: Okay.
I need you to stay on the line. Whats your name? Caller: Carly.
But my cell battery is dy Operator: Hello? Hello? Carly, can you
hear me? Hello? Chapter One Sydney, Australia 2012 The first
time Tom hit me, I was eight months pregnant. Slapped me across
the face so hard, I saw tiny white stars, even though I was
indoors. I was twenty-two, he was thirty-five. I was eight months
pregnant and waddling like a duck; he was approximately one
hundred and eighty pounds of solid muscle. He took part in
triathlons, ran five kilometers every day, had wheatgrass and
quinoa for breakfast, a green salad with no dressing for lunch,
and usually ate lean chicken breast with three different colored
vegetables for dinner. Fit, disciplined, and focused that was my
vegetables for dinner. Fit, disciplined, and focused that was my
husband. Throughout my two years of marriage, Id seen bursts of
his rage towards me and others, and his road-rage now that was
the worst it terrified me. Especially since he liked to take on
truck drivers. The bigger the truck, the greater his rage.
Usually, people steered away from trucks, but not Tom; he took
them on, provoked them until I was shaking with fear. Deep down,
I guess I did fear being hit by him one day, but I didnt expect
it that day the day of my second wedding anniversary. I was so
stunned by the slap, I didnt move away or try to defend myself. I
just stood and gaped at him, one hand on my cheek, the other on
my swollen belly. I take care of everything! he hissed. All you
had to do was chill the Cristal, and you forget to do that. A
small thing like that. Chill. The. Cristal how hard is that,
huh? Huh? To celebrate our wedding anniversary, Tom had invited
eight couples to a four-course sit-down dinner at our house,
located in the upscale suburbs of St Ives, Sydney. He had hired
caterers, waitstaff, and a barman. Like all of Toms parties, it
promised to be interesting, excessive, and showy. It was true 
all I had to do was chill the Cristal, as he had taken care of
everything else, without consulting me once about anything. Not
even asking me who Id like to invite. Solo thats how Tom
operated. I didnt mind. Tom was extremely capable, highly
efficient, and most of all, he had flair. I didnt, so if I did
make a suggestion for just about anything, hed usually scoff at
it and shred it to bits, making me feel like the hillbilly I was.
So over time, I stopped suggesting or contributing, and left
everything in Toms highly capable hands. That suited him just
fine. With pregnancy hormones, my brain sometimes became a pile
fine. With pregnancy hormones, my brain sometimes became a pile
of mush, and I would walk into a room and forget why I was there.
I often forgot which level I had parked my car on at the mall. It
annoyed the hell out of Tom as he called it foolish, and God
knows, being as astute and intelligent as he was, he didnt suffer
fools gladly. As my pregnancy progressed, everything I did was
foolish and stupid to him, and he became increasingly irritable
with me, and finally, he hit me. See what you do to me! he
snarled, his nostrils flaring, his lips a thin white line. You
make me act like this. After throwing me a look of disgust, he
stood in front of the mirror, carefully adjusted his tie,
straightened his five-foot-eight frame, and walked towards the
door of our bedroom. At the door, he paused and turned to look at
me. Put on a darker shade of lipstick, wear the necklace I bought
you for Christmas, and be downstairs in five, he said before he
walked downstairs. With my hand on my cheek, I sat on the bed,
shrouded in disappointment and disbelief. How could he hit me? I
asked myself. How could he hit a pregnant woman? His pregnant
wife who does that? There was no way I was going to go to his
party after that. I would leave quietly through the back door
before our guests arrived. I wouldnt even tell him that I was
leaving him. Fuck him and his party. Just then the doorbell rang.
Too late. Our guests had arrived. The place looks wonderful,
Tom. Thank you. Yes, its just fabulous, Tom. Marvelous. Wheres
Arena? Shell be down in a sec, I heard Tom say. Honey, our guests
have arrived, he called in a sweet voice from the foot of the
steps. Arena, sweetheart? I panicked. What do I do? How could I
possibly not show up when guests had already arrived? In all
honesty, Im ashamed to say, I chickened out. Feeling pressured, I
honesty, Im ashamed to say, I chickened out. Feeling pressured, I
decided I would go downstairs and be civil and courteous to Toms
friends, but I would leave immediately after the party. If he
tried to stop me, I would have it out with him and call the cops
if I needed to. I may have been twenty-two years old, but I
realized that Tom had crossed a line and I wasnt going to accept
it. I scrambled up from my king-size bed and walked over to a
mirror where I eyed my cheek, red from his slap. I picked up some
concealer and dotted it over the redness. Didnt work. His imprint
on my cheek and the welt showed through the concealer. I tried
green concealer. That did the trick and that was the first time I
learned that green concealer worked better on bruises better than
yellow or beige concealer. Over the years I used a lot of green
concealer, and I became an expert at concealing flaws. Luckily,
my deep mahogany hair was in a bob and fell in a sharp point two
centimeters below my ears. (Styled as per Toms strict
instructions. He ordered me to wear my hair exactly that way. He
was in awe of Victoria Beckham.) That night, with the help of a
little wax, I pulled the edges forward so that it covered my
cheek. Just in case the green concealer let me down. Then I went
one step further and decided that if the concealer faded and
someone enquired about the marks on my face, I would simply say
that I had an allergy a new facial that didnt quite agree with
me. (Over the years, my friends were surprised at how many
facials didnt agree with me.) Still dazed, I adjusted my
clothing, darkened my lipstick, put on the chunky gold necklace
that Tom ordered me to wear, and waddled downstairs. As
instructed. When I reached the last stair of the spiral staircase
of our 2.6-million-dollar home in Sydney, which had a spa, sauna,
of our 2.6-million-dollar home in Sydney, which had a spa, sauna,
tennis court, and an Olympic-size pool, I plastered a smile on my
disappointed lips and murmured greetings to our guests. From the
corner of my eye, I noticed Tom watching me with elevated
eyebrows, probably waiting to see if I would tell on him, or
indicate marital discord in our supposedly perfect marriage. I
ignored him and focused on our guests. I would deal with the
bastard later. After a while, his eyebrows returned to normal and
he moved towards me. As if nothing had happened, he slipped his
arm around my waist. I stiffened, then casually tried to shrug it
off, but he held on, his fingers digging into my side, tacitly
warning me to behave, or else. After our last guest had arrived,
Tom rattled a knife on a Royal Doulton goblet. Ladies and
gentlemen, it is now time for me to give my beautiful wife her
anniversary gift. With a fake smile plastered on my darkened
lips, I allowe him to take my hand. He led us all outside, where
a silver BMW X60i E75 was parked in our driveway, a huge red bow
on it. I knew that it cost more than a hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, as I had gone car shopping with him weeks ago. For you,
my love, he said. All eyes were on me, most of them filled with
envy. Overwhelmed by the slap and by the present, I remained
mute. He pinched my waist. Hard. Its beautiful, I murmured
quickly, feeling pressured to say something. It truly was a
lovely vehicle, although the one I was driving, a Mercedes
four-wheel drive, was just as beautiful. I looked at him. But, I
didnt get you anything, Tom. My voice felt strained and
high-pitched. He hugged me. You are my gift alone, Arena. You
bring me so much joy, my love. Aaaawwww! I heard a guest mutter.
How sweet! My guests had no idea that less than an hour ago, this