THE SILVER CHAIR By C.S. Lewis CHAPTER ONE BEHIND THE GYM IT was
a dull autumn day and Jill Pole was crying behind the gym. She
was crying because they had been bullying her. This is not going
to be a school story, so I shall say as little as possible about
Jill's school, which is not a pleasant subject. It
was "Co-educational," a school for both boys and girls, what used
to be called a "mixed" school; some said it was not nearly so
mixed as the minds of the people who ran it. These people had the
idea that boys and girls should be allowed to do what they liked.
And unfortunately what ten or fifteen of the biggest boys and
girls liked best was bullying the others. All sorts of things,
horrid things, went on which at an ordinary school would
have been found out and stopped in half a term; but at this
school they weren't. Or even if they were, the people who did
them were not expelled or punished. The Head said they
were interesting psychological cases and sent for them and talked
to them for hours. And if you knew the right sort of things to
say to the Head, the main result was that you became rather a
favourite than otherwise. That was why Jill Pole was crying on
that dull autumn day on the damp little path which runs between
the back of the gym and the shrubbery. And she hadn't nearly
finished her cry when a boy came round the corner of the gym
whistling, with his hands in his pockets. He nearly ran into
her. "Can't you look where you're going?" said Jill Pole. "All
right," said the boy, "you needn't start -" and then he noticed
her face. "I say, Pole," he said, "what's up?" Jill only made
faces; the sort you make when you're trying to say something but
find that if you speak you'll start crying again. "It's Them, I
suppose - as usual," said the boy grimly, digging his hands
suppose - as usual," said the boy grimly, digging his hands
farther into his pockets. Jill nodded. There was no need for her
to say anything, even if she could have said it. They both
knew. "Now, look here," said the boy, "there's no good us all
-" He meant well, but he did talk rather like someone beginning a
lecture. Jill suddenly flew into a temper (which is quite a
likely thing to happen if you have been interrupted in
a cry). "Oh, go away and mind your own business," she said.
"Nobody asked you to come barging in, did they? And you're a nice
person to start telling us what we all ought to do, aren't you? I
suppose you mean we ought to spend all our time sucking up to
Them, and currying favour, and dancing attendance on Them like
you do." "Oh, Lor!" said the boy, sitting down on the grassy bank
at the edge of the shrubbery and very quickly getting up again
because the grass was soaking wet. His name unfortunately was
Eustace Scrubb, but he wasn't a bad sort. "Pole!" he said. "Is
that fair? Have I been doing anything of the sort this term?
Didn't I stand up to Carter about the rabbit? And didn't I keep
the secret about Spivvins - under torture too? And didn't I -" "I
d-don't know and I don't care," sobbed Jill. Scrubb saw that she
wasn't quite herself yet and very sensibly offered her a
peppermint. He had one too. Presently Jill began to see things in
a clearer light. "I'm sorry, Scrubb," she said presently. "I
wasn't fair. You have done all that - this term." "Then wash out
last term if you can," said Eustace. "I was a different chap
then. I was gosh! what a little tick I was." "Well, honestly, you
were," said Jill. "You think there has been a change, then?" said
Eustace. "It's not only me," said Jill. "Everyone's been saying
so. They've noticed it. Eleanor Blakiston heard Adela Pennyfather
so. They've noticed it. Eleanor Blakiston heard Adela Pennyfather
talking about it in our changing room yesterday. She said,
`Someone's got hold of that Scrubb kid. He's quite unmanageable
this term. We shall have to attend to him next.'" Eustace gave a
shudder. Everyone at Experiment House knew what it was like
being "attended to" by Them. Both children were quiet for a
moment. The drops dripped off the laurel leaves. "Why were you so
different last term?" said Jill presently. "A lot of queer things
happened to me in the hols," said Eustace mysteriously. "What
sort of things?" asked Jill. Eustace didn't say anything for
quite a long time. Then he said: "Look here, Pole, you and I hate
this place about as much as anybody can hate anything, don't
we?" "I know I do," said Jill. "Then I really think I can trust
you." "Dam' good of you," said Jill. "Yes, but this is a really
terrific secret. Pole, I say, are you good at believing things?
I mean things that everyone here would laugh at?" "I've never had
the chance," said Jill, "but I think I would be." "Could you
believe me if I said I'd been right out of the world - outside
this world - last hols?" "I wouldn't know what you meant." "Well,
don't let's bother about that then. Supposing I told you I'd been
in a place where animals can talk and where there are - er -
enchantments and dragons - and well, all the sorts of things you
have in fairy-tales." Scrubb felt terribly awkward as he said
this and got red in the face. "How did you get there?" said Jill.
She also felt curiously shy. "The only way you can - by Magic,"
said Eustace almost in a whisper. "I was with two cousins of
mine. We were just - whisked away. They'd been there before." Now
that they were talking in whispers Jill somehow felt it easier to
believe. Then suddenly a horrible suspicion came over her and shebelieve. Then suddenly a horrible suspicion came over her and she
said (so fiercely that for the moment she looked like a
tigress): "If I find you've been pulling my leg I'll never speak
to you again; never, never, never." "I'm not," said Eustace. "I
swear I'm not. I swear by everything." (When I was at school one
would have said, "I swear by the Bible." But Bibles were
not encouraged at Experiment House.) "All right," said Jill,
"I'll believe you." "And tell nobody?" "What do you take me
for?" They were very excited as they said this. But when they had
said it and Jill looked round and saw the dull autumn sky and
heard the drip off the leaves and thought of all the hopelessness
of Experiment House (it was a thirteen-week term and there were
still eleven weeks to come) she said: "But after all, what's the
good? We're not there: we're here. And we jolly well can't
get there. Or can we?" "That's what I've been wondering," said
Eustace. "When we came back from That Place, Someone said that
the two Pevensie kids (that's my two cousins) could never go
there again. It was their third time, you see. I suppose they've
had their share. But he never said I couldn't. Surely he would
have said so, unless he meant that I was to get back? And I can't
help wondering, can we - could we -?" "Do you mean, do something
to make it happen?" Eustace nodded. "You mean we might draw a
circle on the ground - and write in queer letters in it -
and stand inside it - and recite charms and spells?" "Well," said
Eustace after he had thought hard for a bit. "I believe that was
the sort of thing I was thinking of, though I never did it. But
now that it comes to the point, I've an idea that all those
circles and things are rather rot. I don't think he'd like them.
It would look as if we thought we could make him do things. But